Hey everyone, it 's rafael bittencourt.
guitarist Creek and is to be
project here today to show you
a video where we did an impromptu and
a composition using agents in order to
make this video we invited two
beasts
fernando nunes who is a bass player
superexperiente has already recorded cassia eller
with Caetano Veloso today plays with zeca
and also a drummer from the new
gabriel guilherme generation he won
the Brazilian stage of the roland 20 contest
and went to represent brazil in the
united states by fourth place
in the video we used some of the
versatility the suingue of fernando
nunes and also the characteristics of the
gabriel guilherme's style that combines
the electronic and the drum sounds
to make it heavier as it is
I use the GT3 in every time
I'm writing I like you the
resources that are the ones I use the most
both in lei hotel here the time of
music I'll put according to music
it happens then
at the moment I found the time of the song already
I usually give the delay
I'll call you Disney right away.
from music
the delay is very discreet
just for so long the music
here in the hand is too lupi
profit is always nice for you to have
ideas and themes, and in soils and soils
the text overdrive also a pedal for
turn on and off overdrive when I
I want a little more weight then
which started already has a bit of drive
I put a truth a little bit to
add a very interesting thing here
in gt without is that you can create both the
amplifiers the simulators of
amplifiers as much as the workers
you can customize or leave the
your way
it has a huge range of
amplifiers you can use inspired
in the male or even bug all cases
Who knows the Finns and such?
also they have they have a picador
castan that it has no parameters
you assemble all the features of the
The pain is always from your
I like what you're listening to.
Are you looking for the same thing with
overdrive one thing i like is
as the overdrive can point out
a little there was through the computer without
change the characteristics of this sound to
that we needed to customize then
this overdrive
so that he would simply be a
amplifier booster and is a bust of
the seeker overdrive and it worked
perfectly
I'll leave it here also in the scheme in
pedal zinho so it's very easy too
for us to create this composition
the travel agent starts exchanging
So let's seize the opportunity.
now an idea has a health system
started
was cool